 you you you you you thank you did you huge behind here uh, it's been a while since was and just got caught up with a lot of work. Among that, we were discussing the agreement and one thing that we, the only thing that we felt like we could redo is the milestone schedule. Right? So I know we discussed this earlier where we said, if we add up the whole, we'll be able to 20 weeks, but then it was mentioned 12 to 16 weeks. Right? But then when I discussed with the team, we ultimately aligned on the fact that it shouldn't be that way. Right? Because which one are we following? Right? So are we following the 12 to 16 weeks or are we following the overall plan? Yes. So we also discussed and we all know that the development plan can be bumpy. So we will be following the 20 weeks plan, but we wanted to, as we discussed, we wanted to deliver it early. The other thing is a couple of resources will be working in parallel. So if you see, so we are, we won't be waiting for API to be finished to start with the admin or NAMO by left. Okay? And similarly, we won't be waiting for the start of API to start with the screens of the mobile application or the live. So what happening is the ideal plan is 20 weeks, but we think it's our experience that if there is no road blocker and the end development, there can be road blocker coming. If there is no road blocker, it can be finished in 12 to 16 weeks, but there might be some blocker and it can be, but to assure, it won't be more than 20 weeks. Okay? The other thing is that I wanted to, like also see if we can, I personally wanted to ensure that we delivered within 12 weeks. So again, I am not saying that, so if you can let me know, you share that you wanted to have a launch in June, but there is no obligation that you are trying to, so it's up to you, like when do you want it to have it finished? So if you want us to finish within 12 to 16 weeks, we can target that. Well, am I, am I, am I clear or I made you confused? No, no, I get it, but at the same time is that, we need to be aligned on the same schedule, right? So, you know, if we, and the other point is the other point is, if we delivered quickly instead of 20 weeks, we might be so, so the way the contract works is, we might be asking you to check the view and release the payment so we can move to the second one, my list on. Okay, okay. But on the other hand, we will also be working in parallel. So it might be possible that the admin panel, the milestone comes later, but we since we are talking about working in parallel, so we will be delivering it as part of mobile application my list or. Yeah. Okay, now I definitely understand where you're coming from, right? But at the same time, we should be aligned on the same item. So if we're saying it's going to be 20 weeks, right? Then we should follow that structure. You know, if work gets completed before that, that's completely fine, right? But we're going to have, you know, if we add up the milestones that being 20 weeks and then saying the total 12 to 16 weeks, right? Maybe we can say, okay, milestone one is one week. Also, 12 to 12 week. 12 to 16 week is. Like when we are working in parallel, so it's up to you guys, how do you want us to at our, and I think it is in trust of everyone to have this finish and ready for beta testing and the viewing or the alpha within ASAP. In our case as well and your case as well, you also wanted to like have this. Finish the idea and you can review that on your phones. Right. Again, you know, the beta, you know, alpha testing is a separate matter, but in terms of schedule, right? I understand that, okay, we have the initial plan of 20 weeks, but then it could be between 12 and 14 weeks, right? So this, it could be, right? This is not a problem, right? Again, so for, you know, if for example, we set out 20 weeks, right? But then each milestone gets finished two weeks earlier, that is not a problem. That is more than great. But there has to be some correlation between the actual plan, right? So if I open the plan right now, so where do you want to be? I'm going to share my screen. The reason why I'm mentioning this is because, you know, if we put in 12 to 16 weeks, okay, but, you know, the milestone seems four weeks. So, you know, there is no, it doesn't tie in together. It is, it is, it is, that is milestone two we put in two weeks, but then it takes four weeks. Then, you know, there has to be accountability is, is, is, is my screen visible? Yes, it is. Perfect. So, we have the seven milestone, milestone schedule over there. So, this was the agreement. So, and the milestone details were shown in the previous document. Yes. So, we have to be here to be the, that way we can, you know, go back and correct it. That way again, there has to be some sort of, you know, points we can measure for in terms of. So, if, if, if, if, if I ask you one question, okay, and just let me know how you. So, do you have any issues of things are delivered quickly? No, no, we have no problem with that. Thank you. You know, what I'm trying to say is, is that if we finish before, right, what the, what the, you know, the intended timeline is, that's perfect. That's great. In fact, right, but, you know, what I'm trying to say is that there has to be some correlation between what's given, right? And what's written that way in the event that there is some sort of discrepancies later on down the line, right? We can go back and say, okay, this is what was mentioned. This is what we agreed upon. This is not the case. Right? No, so, so I, I don't see any discrepancies happening. Like, why do you think that there will be discrepancies in that? Okay. Okay. So, I am, I am, I am, I am, I'm. I'm sharing this document. Where we have more things just give me a thing. Okay. So, if you could just, yeah, scroll down to the, the summary of milestone plan. That's money. Yes. Okay. So, yes. Okay. So, you see the total is 12 to 16 weeks. Yes. Now, if, if we were to agree on 12 to 16 weeks, this is the timeframe that we agreed upon. Now, in the event that this is, this is, this is, let's agree for 12 to 16 weeks. And let's remove the 20 weeks. Where is the 20 weeks? We will, I will remove the 20 weeks. The 20 weeks is, is down. It's in the, it's in the table itself. Yeah. So, this, if you added all up, it gives you 20 weeks. I'll update this. Yeah. This is what I mean is that if we agree upon 12 to 16 weeks. Yes. But then everything that is mentioned, the timeline for each of the milestones. If you added all up is 20 weeks. We also, let me, let me, let me, let me make it. So this week, we have added the two weeks time, but it can be one week. Okay. So, yeah, let me, let me, let me update this and make it 12 to 16 weeks. Okay. Okay. This is what the means that it just has to be the same. Right. That way there is not, we're not saying, okay, one is 20 weeks, one is 16 weeks, which one are we following? You know, that way we can avoid these, these, these issues that come later on in terms of timeline. Right. More things. Yeah. So the same thing is the one below it, the summary timeline. That is also, you know, Yeah, this will be some way. So I'll, I think we can just one of them, which is the top one. There's no need for the summary of summary timeline. Since it's ready, you mentioned the same thing above. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Right. So that is that. So I'm waiting. I'll just wait for you to correct this timeline and then I'll add it into the agreement. For your review will again. Additionally. So there was summer. Yeah, we could remove number seven. Okay. So there was a section. Actually. I think I think it's fine if you leave it. But there was a section. Where was it. Yeah. Okay. So section six. Right. Team will prepare following. Okay. So the ERDs, right. So obviously once we start development, this is the first thing happening in the first week. Of the minus stone. So everything. The kick off project resource mobilization, thening everything happens here. So we and before the ERD, we can't even do the data. So so the ERD will be done when we create the database schema and all these stuff cannot be done once we. If we don't have the ERD and databases, we're already even the API cannot be created. So I have nothing really done in this. So we will share it as soon as we will kick off and it starts. So how will the ERDs be created? This. So so of ERD is like connected to the database when we create the database schema. So we will create the ERD. Okay. Okay. Thinking what other diagrams are we missing? Flow charts. Flow charts. I think we don't need you have already provided the. I think. You already provided the stories and their designs. So we will be following them. So. I think that's enough but what flow chart. I'm just thinking is that because I plan on sitting with the team and walking them through the flow. So this is this is this is this is the DB diagram we will be sharing or something like this. Yeah, what the database schema is done. Okay. So. What about the architecture architecture diagrams of how everything is going to be connected. So we will we will share a document with you on that as well that as part of these. We will share so it will be something like this as well how things are connected. How the app is communicating. Where is the APS server. So once we have once we start we will share that as well. You know, I think I think I might have not asked this previously but who will be the tech lead on the project. It will be me and as some so we will be the tech lead. I'll I'll tell you as soon as well. So he's been he's working with us for more than 10 years now. I have more than 15 years experience. So yeah. Who was with us on the previous call forgot that that's that's Hassan Hassan is our project manager. But he might only organize things. And the other person is. As we haven't spoken with us. Yet you have you haven't spoken with us. We will then once when we once we have the kickoff meeting. He will be there in the kickoff meeting. Okay. Great. Okay. So in terms of the srs right to the document that. You had prepared so you know, there's a few changes is we need to remove the summary timeline. Yeah, the one at the very bottom. We need to update the. Yeah, we need to update this so that it's the same it matches the same. And then. Okay. So we want to add a version. So some sort of version into this document. Right. In each version will be signed off on because I think this is a very important document to have and we'll keep updating this document. Right. So whenever there are EIDs we start adding them in. If there are any changes in terms of development things added things removed will keep adding it to this document. So where will what do you want it to add into that document a chart with the sign off or what. Yeah, so we'll add like a versioning chart. A versioning table we can add this at the very bottom. Okay. So. And then maybe we can add the versioning at the very top two so versioning at the very top will be a. You know what version it is. Yeah, just to keep track of the versioning of the documents. So we internally have this managed to decide the fourth update we shared with you. We'll just talk about it. Yeah. I think it would be better just to add the table. Right to, you know, for example, we can add a table that shares. Okay, what version this document is on that way as the versions keep progressing of this of this document to be keep. Updating it and we both can approve on this document if any changes are made. Thank you. Okay. Okay. I think. I think that is it. Now based on the milestones, we will start development of the admin panel on milestones six correct. I was saying it might be it will definitely possible that we will be starting the admin panel right. So within the when we start because there would be a separate resource. So there would be a separate resource working on this. So the mobile. So there will be three main development resource. One is the. File application developer. Then there will be admin front admin panel. Web developer. And there will be API. These will be the thing we main resources. There will do working. And then we will have the support resources, which would be. And then we will have a son, the project manager me and as son, so we will all be involved and ensuring that things are going in the right direction and we are on time and delivering the right solution to you. Then we will also have Q way it won't be full time. So these three resources will be full time. So. And then we have Q way to wait. Can be full time when the build release, but we will, we will distribute them. Then PM. As son. And. So. It was being the question is who will be right in test cases. And then we will be able to do it. He was. And this is as we finish a milestone, they will be writing test cases and will be testing based on those test cases. The test cases will be written before the file service started. So this is why this is this is this is very important. We will be everything. So whole plan will be created. And we will just take it forward and we will also. And the most important things are the use cases that we have already shared. So everything will be based on that. So I think that covered most of the requirement. And if you remember, I think I have already mentioned the user stories covered with. And I think we can also do this where we can add the section in the srs. For test cases, unless we would want to have that as separate document. I think it should be separate as the use case are there. So otherwise this will be just a prolonged document. So we have a separate user stories test cases, government. And this is the agreement. Okay. All right. Okay. Great. Then I think. You know, we want to again want to finish this as soon as possible to start the kickoff. So, you know, Tuesday, Wednesday, Friday. We can start the August plan. We probably want to start kickoff. We can have a kickoff meeting Friday and start. I believe you're working these are Monday to Friday correct Monday to Friday. So then we could probably start kickoff on Monday. Yeah, we will figure out all the details out. Okay. So let's do this. I'll wait for your updated. You know, table. I'll add it into the agreement. And then I might add actually one more thing I forgot to miss out in the agreement. So then I'll add that and then I'll send it for your view all again. Right. I was good to find it. And then we will. Yeah, I'll take care of things from the upwork site. Oh, perfect. Yeah. Any any any things you noticed in the agreement that you wanted to discuss. No, I think everything is pretty clear from all on. Okay. Okay. Okay. Wonderful. Okay. Yeah. So I'll just I'll update the agreement as I wait for your response and then we can go from there. If you have any questions, you can just shoot me a message and then we'll work things out. Okay, professionally. All right. Wonderful. Thank you so much for your time, Ahmed. Thank you. Thank you. All right. Thank you. Thank you.