 you you you you you I'm doing great. Thank you. I was a bit ing being well good just hanging hanging in the year hanging in the year up to here it's been a while since was spoke been no having a discussion with the team and you know just got caught up with a lot of work Well, among that, we were discussing the agreement. And one thing that we, the only thing that we felt like we could redo is the milestone schedule. So I know we discussed this earlier where we said, if we adapt the whole, it would be over 20 weeks, but then it was mentioned 12 to 16 weeks. But then when I discussed with the team, we ultimately aligned on the fact that it shouldn't be that way. Because which one are we following? Are we following the 12 to 16 weeks or are we following? So we also discussed and we all know that the development plan can be okay. So we will be following the 20 weeks plan, but we wanted to as we discuss, we wanted to deliver it early. The other thing is a couple of resources will be working in parallel. So if you see, so we are, we won't be waiting for API to be finished to start with the admin or NAMO by left okay. And similarly, we won't be waiting for the start of API to start with the screens of the mobile application or the live. So what happening is the ideal plan is 20 weeks, but we want, we think it's our experience that if there is no road blocker and in development, there can be road blocker coming. If there is no road blocker, it can be finished in 12 to 16 weeks, but there might be some blocker and it can be, but to assure it won't be more than 20 weeks okay. The other thing is that I wanted to like also see if we can, I personally wanted to ensure that we delivered within 12 weeks. So so again, I am not saying that so so if you can let me know, you share that you wanted to have it launched in June, but there is no obligation or if you are trying to so it's up to you like when do you want it to have it finished? So if you want us to within like 12 to 16 weeks, we can target that. Well, am I am I am I clear or I made you confused? No, no, I get it, but at the same time is that we need to be aligned on the same schedule, right? So, you know, if we find so at that point, there's the other point is if we delivered quickly instead of 20 week, we might be so so the way the contract works is we might be asking you to check the view and release the payment so we can move to the second one, my list one. Okay, but on the other hand, we will also be working in parallel. So it might be possible that the admin panel plan, my list one comes later, but we since we are talking about working in parallel, so we will be delivering it as part of mobile application, my list. Yeah. Okay, now I definitely understand where you're coming from, right? But at the same time, we should be aligned on the same item. So if we're saying it's going to be 20 weeks, right? Then we should follow that structure, you know, if work gets completed before that, that's completely fine. Right? But we're going to have, you know, if we add up the mouse ones at being 20 weeks and then saying the total 12 to 16 weeks, right? Maybe we can say, okay, my list one one is one week, was 12 to 16 week is like when we are working in parallel. So it's up to you guys. How do you want us to at our and I think it is in trust of everyone to have this finish and ready for beta testing and the viewing or the alpha within ASAP in our case as well and your case as well. You also wanted to like have this finish the idea and you can review that on your phones. Right. Again, you know, the beta, you know, alpha testing is a separate matter. But in terms of schedule, right? I understand that, okay, we have the initial plan of 20 weeks, but then it could be between 12 and 14 weeks. Right? So this it could be, right? This is not a problem, right? Again, so for, you know, if for example, we set out 20 weeks, right? But then each mouse one gets finished two weeks earlier, that is not a problem. That is more than great. But there has to be some correlation between the actual plan, right? If I open the plan right now, so where are, where do you want to be? We'll share my screen. The reason why I'm mentioning this is because, you know, if we put in 12 to 16 weeks, okay, but, you know, the mouse on seems four weeks. So, you know, there is no, it doesn't tie in together. It's, it's, it's, it's, it's, for example, mouse on to we put in two weeks, but then it takes four weeks. Then, you know, there has to be accountability. It's, it's, it's, it's my screen visible. Yes, it is. Perfect. So, we have the seven minus one, minus one schedule over there. So, this was the agreement. So, and the milestone details were shared in the previous document. So, yes. Which is why I have to be here to be the, that way we can, you know, go back and correct it. That way again, there has to be some sort of, you know, points we can measure for in terms of. So, so, so if, if, if, if, if I ask you one question, okay, and just let me know how you. So, do you have any issues of things are delivered quickly? No, no, we have no problem with that. Thank you. You know, what I'm trying to say is, is that if we finish before, right, what the, what the, you know, the intended timeline is, that's perfect. That's great. In fact, right, but, you know, what I'm trying to say is that there has to be some correlation between what's given, right, and what's written that way in the event that there is some sort of discrepancies later on down the line, right, we can go back and say, okay, this is what was mentioned, this is what we agreed upon, this is not the case. Right? No, so, so I, I don't see any discrepancies happening. Like, why do you think that there will be discrepancies in that? Okay. So, I am, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm sharing this document where we have more things just give me a thing. Okay. So, if you could just, yeah, scroll down to the, the summary of milestone's plan. Okay. So, yes. Okay. So, yes. Okay. So, you see the total is 12 to 16 weeks. Yes. Right. Now, if, if we were to agree on 12 to 16 weeks, this is the time frame that we agreed upon. Now, in the event that this is, this is, this is let's agree for 12 to 16 weeks and less remove the 20 weeks, where is the 20 weeks? We will, I'll remove the 20 weeks. The 20 weeks is, is down. It's in the, it's in the, it's in the table itself. Yeah. So, this, if you added all up, it gives you 20 weeks. I'll update this. Like, yeah. This is what I mean is that if we agree upon 12 to 16 weeks, yes. But then everything that is mentioned, the timeline for each of the milestones, if you added all up is 20 weeks. But we, let me, let me, let me, let me make it. So, this week, we have added the two weeks time, but it can be one week. Okay. So, yeah, let me, let me, let me update this and make it 12 to 16 weeks. Okay. Okay. Okay. This is what the means that it would just has to be the same. Right? That way there is not, we're not saying, okay, one is 20 weeks, one is 16 weeks, which one are we following? You know, that way we can avoid these, these, these issues that come later on in terms of timeline. All right. More things. Yeah. So, the same thing is the one below it, the summary timeline. Uh, that is also, you know, yeah, this is the same way. So, I'll, I'll, I think we can just one of them, which is the top one. There's no need for the summary of some timeline since it's ready. You mentioned the same thing above. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Right. So, that is that. So, I'm waiting, I'll just wait for you to correct this timeline, and then I'll add it into the agreement for your review will again. Additionally, so there was summer, yeah, we could remove number seven. Or actually, I think, I think it's fine if we leave it. But there was a section. Where was it? Yeah. Okay. So, section six. Right. Team will prepare following. Okay. Yeah. So, the ERDs, right? Yeah. So, obviously, once we start development, this is the first thing happening in the first week of the minister. So, everything, the kickoff project resource mobilization, planning, everything happens here. So, we, and before the ERD, we can't even do the data. So, so the ERD will be done when we create the database schema. And all these stuff cannot be done once we, if we don't have the ERD and database schema already, even the API cannot be created. So, everything will be done in this. So, we will share it as soon as we will kick off and it starts. So, how will the ERDs be created? Based on. So, so ERD is like connected to the database when we create the database schema. So, we will create the ERD. Okay. Okay. I'm thinking what other diagrams are we missing? Flow charts? Flow charts, I think we don't need. You have already provided the, I think, you already provided the stories and the designs. So, we will be following them. So, and I think that's not enough, but what flow chart will you move? I'm just thinking is that because I plan on sharing with the team and walking them through the flow. So, this is, this is, this is the DB diagram we will be sharing. So, something like this. Okay. Yeah. What the database schema is done. Okay. So, what about the architecture? Architecture diagrams? How are we going to be connected? We will, we will share a document with you on that as well. That is part of these. We will share. So, it will be something like this as well how things are connected. How the app is communicating? Where is the APS server? So, so once we have, once we start, we will share that as well. You know, I think I think I might have not asked this previously, but who will be the tech lead on the project? It will be me and S&. So, we will be the tech lead. Okay. I'll, I'll, I'll, I'll, I'll connect with you as well. So, he's been, he's working with us for more than 10 years now. I have more than 15 years experience. So, yeah. Yeah. Okay. Oh, who was with us on the previous call? For God. That, that's, that's Hasan Hasan is our project manager. He's also technical person, but he might only organize things. And the other person is. S&. S&. We haven't spoken with S& yet. You haven't spoken with S&. Okay. We will then once, once we have the kickoff meeting, he will be there in the kickoff meeting. Okay. Great. Then I think, okay. So, in terms of the S&S, right, the document that you had prepared. So, you know, there's a few changes is we need to remove the summary timeline. The one at the very bottom. We need to update the. Yeah, we need to update this so that it's the same, it matches the same. And then, okay. So, we want to add a version, some sort of version into this document, right? In each version will be signed off on because I think this is a very important document to have and we'll keep updating this document, right? So, whenever there are EIDs, we're starting adding them in, you know, if there are any changes in terms of development, things added, things removed, we'll keep adding it to this document. Can you please, so where will, what do you want it to add into that document? A chart, would be signed off or what? Yeah, so we'll add like a versioning chart, a versioning table, we can add this at the very bottom. Okay. Maybe we can add the versioning at the very top two. So, versioning at the very top will be a, you know, what the version it is, yeah, just to keep track of the versioning of the documents. So, we internally have this managed, so this is the fourth update we shared with you, with this top of the menu, but yeah. Yeah, I think it would be better just to add a table, right? To, you know, for example, we can add a table that says, okay, what version this document is on, that way as the versions keep progressing off this document, we keep updating it and we both can approve on this document if any changes are made. Okay, I think, I think that is it. Now, based on the milestones, we will start development of the admin panel on milestones six, correct? This is what I was saying, it might be, it will definitely possible that we will be starting the admin panel right. So, within the, when we start, because there would be a separate resource. So, there would be a separate resource working on this. So, the mobile, so there will be three main development resource. One is the, a biolapplication developer. Then there will be admin front admin panel web developer. Then there will be API. These will be the thing we main resources, there will be working. And then we will have the support resources, which would be a son, the project manager, me and as son. So, we will all be involved in ensuring that things are going in the right direction and we are on time and delivering the right solution to you. Then we will also have QA. It won't be full time. So, these three resources will be full time. So, and then we have QA. QA can be full time when the build release, but we will distribute them. Then we will, as son and we will. With, with the questions, who will be writing test cases? You would. You would. And this is, as we finish a milestone, they will be writing test cases and will be testing based on those test cases. The test cases will be written before the file service started. So, this is why this is, this is very important. We will be everything doing everything here. So, whole plan will be created and we will just take it forward. And we will also. And the, the most important things are the use cases that we have already shared. So, everything will be based on that. So, I think that covered most of the requirement. And if you remember, I think I have already mentioned the user stories covered with. Yeah, I think we can also do this where we can add the section in the SIRS for test cases. Unless we would want to have an separate document. I think it should be separate as the use case are there. So, otherwise this will be just a prolonged document. So, we have a separate user stories or test cases document. And this will be agreement. Okay. All right. Okay. Great. Then I think. We want to again want to finish this as soon as possible to start the kickoff. So, the Tuesday, Wednesday, Friday. All goes planned. We probably want to start kickoff. We can have a kickoff meeting Friday and start. I believe you're working these on Monday to Friday. Correct. Monday to Friday. Yeah. So, then we can probably start kickoff on Monday. We will figure out all the details out. Okay. So, let's do this. I'll wait for your updated table. I'll add it into the agreement. Great. And then I might add actually one more thing. I forgot to miss out in the agreement. So, then I'll add that. And then I'll send it for your view all again. Right. All is good. Find it. And then we will, yeah, I'll take care of things from the app or excite. Oh, perfect. Yeah. Any any any things you noticed in the agreement that you wanted to discuss? No, I think everything is pretty clear from all around. Okay. Okay. Wonderful. Okay. Yeah. So, I'll just I'll update the agreement as I wait for your response. And then we can go from there. If you have any questions, you can just shoot me a message and then we'll work things out. Okay. Okay. Okay. Alright. Wonderful. Thank you so much for your time, Mohammed. Thank you. Thank you. So, what? Okay.