 Okay, so we can begin that. Okay, I'll start over that recording. Yeah, yeah. The additional services will be, will look like this, right? Uh, we need the an ad button here. Uh, no total people here. We don't need this. We need a total price. Uh, that matches up with the total people. Right? And so if the chef puts it at, you know, five dollars a person, it would just show up as, you know, 30 dollars. Get and then add, we don't need this button here. We need what it is. Um, so, um, you know, tableware, table and plateware. And then whoever's providing it. Uh, so this is the service provider. This could be the chef. If the chef has tableware, it could be, uh, food, fire knives. If we partner with somebody or, or whatever reason it's, it's our service. Uh, or we have a separate service provider that we're, uh, adding to the website. Right? So if it's like a bartending company, uh, they sign up to our site. Uh, and then it would be them under here. Service provided by whoever it is. And then the quick view. Uh, will be the picture of whatever it is, right? We don't need any of these. Um, I don't think we will probably need, even need this picture here. Uh, now we won't. So it's just the picture of whatever the service is. And then here it's just the description of what, what's included, right? Um, you know, tableware, plateware, uh, fork knives, whatever, right? Um, and then same thing again, it's just the total price. Uh, without any of this other stuff. And then the ad or exit button in the quick view. Does that make sense? Yeah, I'm going to get that right now. Uh, so I think we should create a third step again. So it'll be, uh, choose on trades optional courses. So, uh, so, uh, we're going to do additional services. So as you go through here. Um, two. And then after here, uh, would be instead of the reserve now, uh, next, up, uh, next additional services. And then the reserve now button. So, uh, here would just be, uh, just a few menus page, uh, just tiles of the, uh, menu. So I don't know if you want to do two or three in a row. Um, can fit here and then three more, uh, however many services are provided on this particular menu. Does that make sense? For example, uh, we have, uh, like these would be up here. Right? Like these, these menus here that the smaller ones, not not the, yeah, the cards, come cards will be up here. And then this will say additional services. And then three in a row or two in a row, however many could fit. Right? Okay, one thing. Uh, these services will be, uh, like a base gone. But these chef. Our location. Yeah, they have to be location specific. Right? Unless. Well, I'm going to get to the backend stuff in a few minutes, but, uh, yeah, the, the chef would, if the chef is providing them, it would have to match with their service radius, right? Or match up with their menus. Um, and if it's, if it's us that we provide it, it would just be either, you know, we could choose the areas that it's located in, whether it's nationally, like across any menu, or if it's in like certain areas, like a, if we have, like a bartending service that only provides bartending services to like the northeast. Um, we would have to be able to choose that in the backend. Okay. Okay, so, and then, you know, obviously adding it adds into the, uh, the total here, right? I think that's pretty obvious. Sorry. So we go into, uh, the backend here. So, uh, I wonder if I can sign into my chef account. I actually just signed in to anyone. She'll come up. So if you log into, uh, the chef account. Um, they're going to need a way to add these services. Um, and it's, I think that it should probably just be, um, while adding, adding it will be in the menu, right? So, uh, here, like, you know, up here somewhere, right? Uh, like adding a kids menu, it would be the same thing. So they would do, uh, add additional services, right? And then choose as many as they want. Uh, these are, this is after they're already set, right? So they would do, uh, tableware. Um, you know, I don't know, whatever bartender DJ, uh, a boxer package, whatever, right? Uh, add them to the menu and then they would be after they do that, they would automatically be set into the menu and I guess, right? And then separately from that, if they want to add additional services, I think they're going to need another tab here. For the additional services or a drop down here, right? That's the best one. Yeah, the additional services. And then once they do that, um, they, they're going to have to choose a picture, right? Uh, all the pictures will be provided by us too, by the way, um, if it's on any of the chef additional services. So we'll upload the pictures and the, uh, sorry, um, so the, so the picture will be, uh, so you will add an optional upload or choose option. No, no, it's automatic. So it would work similar to this. So the cuisine, how we set cuisines, right? We would add or events, whatever it is. Uh, like these are only added by us, right? So it would be the same thing. So we would add the additional services. We would say, uh, bartender or plateware, whatever, right? And that picture would be tied to each of them. The different picture, right? Uh, so like, uh, so what kind of fields will be there? Uh, the services are the name, the description and the picture. Or is anything else? Yeah, uh, at the slug. Uh, I guess probably the count. I like that. Status. Yeah, I mean, I think it's all the same. The only other thing. Where would they put pricing, though, Mike? Yeah, because, yeah, because the, the, the chef needs to put, if it's a chef event, or, yeah, they would just do that in the, in the menu. So here, so if they want to add a, uh, bartender, whatever, they would have to add the price into the menu. All right. So the, uh, this would work the same, right? But the only thing that would be different is the, uh, if we bring on a service provider, right? So now we would have, uh, four levels. It'd be chefs, uh, hosts, uh, still a sub admin, uh, and then user, uh, service providers, right? Uh, and when they sign up, they would have something similar to the, uh, the chef where they could add the menus. Um, but they, they obviously don't have access to the full menus. It's just the, uh, you know, just the service, right? Uh, but they can add their own pictures and, uh, descriptions and everything like that, right? So the chef can add the price, uh, and choose a service. That's it. Uh, the service provider can add, uh, the price, uh, the pictures, uh, the description, uh, everything, right? And then, yeah. So the service provider, when the service provider is logged in, right? And so we have an option that to create a service is like they have in the app and not like the service means. Yeah. Uh, right. So, yeah. Once he created a services from the service tab, right? So how, like, that the user will add the intending menus. So, uh, that users, uh, that service providers able to, um, see all the menus of the, of the chef or like, uh, the service provider. Yeah. Yeah. They're, they're going to have to do the, uh, if they want to add the service, it's going to have to, the same thing with the radius. They're going to have to have a radius or an area to choose from. And that would have to align with any of the menus in that area. The core intent base would have to уров the air language which lets us choose from the cache to the cache toetiントaiNoimlay. provider is created by admin. And it is logged in. So he can see that the tab to create the services, right? The same tab which happened to the admin site, right? And then after that, so when he created the services, so what else? So like we have a travel radius profile of a chef, right? So like that's you wanted to see, right? Right. So that would have to align with any of the menus that are from the chefs. So if someone only operates in like Maine, it could only work with any of the chefs that are in Maine, like that service radius will have to follow the, you know, the area that the host has plugged into the search bar. And if it's not, then it can't like if, okay, so if somebody, if somebody operates in Maine, but they also operate outside of Maine, like they go into, say, Massachusetts, that additional service would only show up in Maine and not in Massachusetts if that same chef were booked. Does that make sense? Okay. So like the service provider created the services at the radius of Maine, right? So when the user search mean, then... Right, they would have their, their their their radius works the same as the chefs. Yeah, like, for instance, like, yeah, Brandon serves Maine, right? Portland, Maine, but I think he also does Massachusetts, right? Yeah. So if he's operating in Massachusetts, those that radius wouldn't work for that additional service, but it would show up if he were booked in Maine. So the additional service will be always shown in the, we use vision steps, third step, right? Either the chef allowed, like either the chef added or not, right? Yeah, yeah. If it's, right, if it's FFK or service provider, it'll always show up. If, if it's in the radius, right? I can, I have one question here. I want to add. Okay. Yeah. What I got here simply, you want these additional service to be area specific, right? Yeah. No. Right, right. If it's service provided or food five guys provide. Suppose it is location based. Okay. I suppose I select Massachusetts and I select a chef, which I am from which I am getting a service. I will suggest like they should, there should be another option within this area, within that location, in which user can choose the additional service based on their current location, right? Massachusetts has an additional service, like, you know, the bar tender, which is within the same area. So you can select the additional service, not from the same chef, but within this same area. But the price distribution can be split to these two parties. So you're, you're suggesting putting the additional services here in the explore menus? No, no, suppose as a suggestion, you know, not as a feature, not as a suggestion. Suppose go to their menus inside here. Yeah, inside here. Go to inside. Yeah, this is a menu, right? Okay. Beneath that below that, below that, you can ask the user, like do you want an additional service? Okay, which will be location specific. Suppose I have suggested the Massachusetts. So all the additional service within the Massachusetts will show into this user. No? And so it's not like that. So the thing is, what's my, my one you say is, once the user search be main in the search, right? And so all the services, which is like falling in the main search will be shown in every menu or every chef's menu, which is lying in the main, right? Mike? So, and so there will be no additional option in the menu details, whether time or just face, sorry, at the time of creating a menu. Sorry, not the creating a menu, but at the time of creating a reservation, right? So all the services will be shown according to the like, if the host, if the chef has added their own services, if they've been added to services, in the main or if the chef is a day, some services in that menu, right? Or the service provider is added, created some services in the main. So these three kind of things will be shown in the additional items, right, Mike? Right. With the combined. Yeah, so I think I'm not sure, like the additional services, the original idea for the additional services was to have them below here and like similar to this, like a carousel of additional services and you would add them from there, but I think it's just it's too much scrolling, right? It's absolutely unmovable. So I think the best way to do it is, you know, through the steps. Yeah, the third step. Right. Yeah, because somehow the user missed that additional service, then it will be like, because if the user not saw it down, he missed that service, then. Yeah, yeah, exactly. Yeah, unmovable, I think it would just be it would be way too much. Yeah, I put on this, you have said I have got the chef can add their own additional service on the additional service provider can log in themself on the platform, right? Right. Yeah. So if the if the any chef has the has their own additional service, it will be shown in the profile. Right. Oh, on the chef. Yeah. Yeah. In their profile. Yeah, this menu on the menu, on the chef menu. Yeah. Where I where I just was in the here or it doesn't work like that. You're talking about in here. So if if Brandon adds his own additional services, they'll be here for any menu that he's selected them on. Right. So he has to add each each of his menus. Right. And there would always be on that menu. But if it's a service provider and they only operate in a certain area, it would only show up on those menus that are within that area. Right. So for example, my if the chef saved the chef selected some services while creating that, for example, this menu. And also the users search the main right and some of the services service provider also operating operating in that's main right. So the both services will be shown in the third step right with these with a different image of the service provider and the chef and the chef right. Which we discussed that the card will look like how the card will look like. Right. So but the thing is about service provider while creating these services, we will take the price. Right. While creating the service. Simply on the admin side, is there will be a price on the admin side too or not. Yeah. So there's nothing. So for example, I created a service on the admin side, like a part hand or on the private $20, right. And if the chef logged in where he can see all the services by created by the admin right. Chef will see all the services created by the admin right. Right. And if the chef select the part hand which is created by the admin. So the price will be same as per which is said by admin or the chef will be changing. The chef can only change the price of his additional services. The price that we set is set and the price that the service provider is set. The chef has can't he has nothing to do with any of those. He can only change the price or choose which services from the ones that he's selected. But if they're fsk or if they're the service provider, they're always on the menu. It has no no choice in selecting them or changing the price or anything like that. So one more thing. Then the chef also able to create the service with the services standard. Right. Yeah, we went over that. The chef will be like here. You have a drop down for additional services. Right. And then if he chooses that, like let's just say it's a button for add new service. Right. And so you would have the a drop down of the additional services. Right. He chooses tableware. Right. And then the picture again, the picture is already set by us. The description is set by us. And then all he has to do is add the price for person. Right. So whatever $5 per person, right. And then that's it. What if this service is not in your new service? Yeah, then we have to add it. Admin will have to add it in here. Additional services. Just like we have, you know, we add the cuisine or the events or whatever. All right. But again, they can't add. They can't add the only thing that won't be in the list is the admin, like the FFK additional services or the service provider services. So when he goes to click or choose one, it's only the chef provided services. Yeah, let me just read by him. Right. So the chef can also set on the service. Yeah, he could read it. Right. Right. But on the service provider and the admin, actually, you know what, that doesn't make sense. Wrong. No, I think, okay, yeah, I think that's wrong. So I think that we're providing, like in here, we're providing the chef provided services. Right. Let's say that, you know, we want to add, like a chef says, hey, I want to offer tableware. Okay. So what we do is we add the name, the description, the slug, everything, right. And here, we choose the image. Here's the description, right. We save it. Now they could go. Now they can have it in their menu, right. So here they would add, they would choose it, drop down, tableware, right. And then the price. So I guess they're actually not creating a new service at all. Does that make sense? Yeah, they're just simply adding the new option. Yeah, the demand news. Yeah. Right. Right. Right. Like we have in the cuisine and they went right to yes. Yeah. Yeah. So they're not yet. So I guess we don't need that extra tab. It's just in here, right. A drop down, choose, add a price for it, right. And then they could add as many as they want. But they would all be created by admin here in our own in our tab, right. Only for the one yet. No, only for the ones that we set up were outside of the chefs. Okay. So there will be, so let's, there will be two options while creating a service, right. That is it for chef or I think a specific location or radius. If they, if the ads select the chef, then there will be no price option, right. So, say that one more time. So while creating a service, there will be fields name, description, slot and image, right. And there will be an option for chef or for specific area, which we can decide that we think. Yeah, I think that we probably need another one of these here. Right. Yeah, no, I'm saying another one for a 5K provided or chef, right. So if it's like a chef provided, we would check it on, say. And if it's provided, it would be off, right. The demand is from the chef. Yes. And then, and then here, we would do the image, you know, if it's off, so it's not a chef provided service, it's, it's FFK. We would do the same thing, image, the description, everything, but we would have a service area for that. Right. Yeah, I think, I think, yeah, instead of the, the list, we will add an option drop down. Is it chef demanded? Yes, or no? Right. Because we are creating. So at the time of creating, we will add the drop down. Is it chef demanded or not? Right. So if it's yes, then there will be no service area or price. And the price. And if it's no, then there will be a service area and the price. Right. I think for the, and then if you go back to the, the fourth option for service provider, I think they, so again, they would have the same access, basically, that we have, right. They wouldn't have to choose if it's chef provided or, or them, right. It would just be automatic. It's, it's, it is provided by them, right. Yeah. Yeah. On the service provider side, there will be no entry for them. Yeah. But I think they also need a, so they would do the description for it, right. They would say like, bartender includes two bartenders, whatever, right. They would have their own description. They could do their own image. But I think they all, and the pricing, obviously, but I think they also need to set up a profile, right. So when they sign up, they need a profile of their, their company, who they are, I mean, you know, whatever, how long they've been in business, where they're located, all that kind of stuff, right. So they, they were in the description of the service, but also a mini profile. I guess it would probably be similar to, yeah, in the profile option. We can, we can, like we have a profile, right. The shapes are long, so we can, so he, the service provider can add their details in it. Right. Right. So all this, don't worry about the payout percentage, or no, no, you know what? I think the payout percentage needs to be there, but I think this can't be, well, yeah, I guess they would see it. And we change that. They can't change this. So I guess that would be the same. They do the commission, right. And then I think the last thing is they do need to sign up for Stripe as a service provider. So they would need that same field in the, in their profile. I guess you can't really see it from here, but you see. Yeah, so they would need the Stripe, right, to connect. They don't need this because they can't see the profile from the front. These two are fine. They don't need a tag on first last name. They don't use, need a username. Well, I guess, yeah, actually, I guess the username would be there like company name probably. Yeah, they would change the company name or sending. They're phone numbers so we could reach them. Their email, their travel radius, their, their address. This is their bio. And I don't, I don't think they would need this here. The extra. Well, yeah, I guess you could add this. Yeah. Yeah. And then wouldn't we also have the agreement? It would be the vendor agreement down at the bottom. Oh, here. Yeah, wouldn't be chef agreement. Right. Yeah, so I guess we'll provide that to you that the vendor agreement here. So one more thing about like if we allow extra mile. So it will be not about the location especially. Well, it would, it would operate the same like they would charge nothing for 50 miles or whatever they choose. And then if they want to do extra, they could do, you know, extra beyond 50. And that would, that would, you know, obviously affect the price, their base price in the menu. Yeah. Service. Yeah. Not, yeah, not the menu. The service. So if it's $5 a person, it's a bartender, right? And they only do 50 miles. They get to add extra, you know, and whatever price. And now it's not $5 anymore. If it's outside the range, it's $10 a person, right? So they would need the same thing a dashboard here. Their menus would just be the additional services. It would have availability for the service. That's another thing that will have to be affected by whether or not it appears in the menu, right? They're availability. They're bookings. And I don't really, I wonder if we should have messages for. No. Yeah. Yeah. No messages. So these are the things I'm just saying on the chef and the additional service provider. We need to make little tweets on this. Right? There was some different news on it's a friend saying because right now these things are connected with the menus and all that. But on the side, you can connect it from the service. Those almost same with respect to fields, I guess. Yeah. So yeah, before we live on the same, but it's a bit basically it's different module. Yeah, I think the one other thing too on unavailability. And I think it's going to get, it's going to be one of the things that we're going to be asked at a lot more, Mike. I know the shops have asked for it as well is the ability to have an integration with other calendar systems. Yeah. Yeah. Like, you know, a lot of the shops are on other platforms and they use different services for the calendars. So how to get that, how to adjust the availability automatically and work with other systems. This guy has dinner availability here, right? But he's booked on another service outside of FFK. Then this would go away, right? He already can't get booked on the 28th any longer. So it's a calendar integration where they could, I don't know what they use if they use Google calendar or Apple calendar or probably not. You know, Airbnb, whatever, whatever calendars they use. I mean, I think that's going to have to be something that we'd like research and maybe like pull the chefs, like which calendars would you like integrated into our system? Right. So, so if this service provider has some availability or book, book availability, so it will be synced on that calendar, right? So I just wanted to like, what kind of the service is they use like mostly that? Yeah, that's what we're going to have to find out. Like some, they use all different kinds. I mean, kind of calendar is a popular one. I guess it just depends on, you know, again, we're going to have to ask him. Yeah. Because I need to say, we need to see that what kind of data which service services provide, like the Airbnb, we have the demo integration. Some of these things are not there and some of the fields aren't there, right? Yeah, let's go ahead. Now, I mean, the Airbnb is non-existent integration right now. So I think that we should focus only on integrating, like the Google calendars, Mike. Tell them that that's the integration that's there. That way, they can handle their central Google calendar and, you know, that'll work for their websites and that'll work for us. I don't think if we get into 20 different iterations, it's going to drive us nuts. Yeah. Yeah, let's take this in steps then, you know, what we could do, the integration as the last step in this. Yeah. Either it's a Google calendar or the calendar. Yeah. Yeah. What was that? Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. About the bookings on the service provider side. So what details does service provider can see? On the bookings? Yep. I guess they would have to have their, is this, how this guy has no bookings? See? I guess they would have to have, well, they already know what service it is, right? They can have the, you know, which chef they're paired up with just so they know who's going to the dinner and the menu, I guess is fine too. They would need, I think, should we have the host contact? Should we have them contact the host, or is that too much? It might be too much for them. Um, the reservation details, they can have all of this, the serving date, the name, the hosting address, the phone number, emails, fine, special instructions, estimated payout. Yeah, I mean, I think they can have all of this stuff. I just need to add one thing on the end, Mike, and if I have a call in six minutes from now, okay? So you can be discussed this, the Google memory card on our next meeting. Yeah, that's fine. Yeah. Meanwhile, I will prepare a document regarding the current disk boom that we discussed regarding the service provider and the, I also have a design, and also the design, we will prepare a document first and we will move to the design, right? So we can discuss the complete disk boom on our next one and this one also discuss the booking part with a different, different third party platform, okay? Yeah, that's fine. Okay, so thank you. So sorry for this, actually, I had a call. I think that's pretty much it anyway, unless you guys have any more questions. Yeah, we will discuss the questions on our next one. Okay. All right. Yeah, all right. Guys, let's do this tomorrow. Yep. Yeah, all right. Have a good one. Thank you guys. All right. See you.