 position. Okay, so based off yesterday's conversation, we already finished everything to do with settings. Anything have you managed to fill out the form on the change request? The change request. I'm going to show today because you know, after the meeting, I have called online to cause an after that. I was quite busy. Today, I'm going to send you those changes. Not a problem. Okay, so I think let's start with the review first because I think it's just more simple. Okay, so now to the best of my understanding, there's two ways of doing your views. So there's an app feedback and then there's reviews that go back to their respective stores, whether that's the Apple store or the Play Store. Now, I do just to confirm, can we link an app reviews like this directly to the App Store? So if the user fills it out, can it directly be linked to the App Store or Play Store? I'm the reviews. I think I will check that if... Sorry, Hassan. Yes, Hassan. Basically, the inner reviews, the respective Play Store is added when the application is completely developed, but within the service, it is a pop-up which we need to do, we need to set up from the App Store. From the Play Store or App Store. Okay, there's something that we need to do with Play Store. So every time when the user is logged in, we get pop-up within the Play Tower app, how about your experience? So that's what you usually do after this happen? Okay. Now, I'm just thinking whether because usually sometimes, right, when you get those pop-ups for the reviews, it takes you to the App Store and other times, you just write it within the App. So I just want to confirm whether there's a difference between them and whether we can, instead of, for example, linking it back to the App Store or Play Store, when the user writes a review, it just automatically goes to the store that they're from. So they write it in App, but then it directly links to the App Store or Play Store. Just give me a second. I'll give you some later to confirm with my team. Yeah. Alright. So, so like, the Play Store is provided the review API, self, like, wanted to put the feedback. So like, you have seen some of the apps showing the pop-up that review this app. Yeah. Right. So that is the thing on the, like, about that. So like, if we connect that things, like if we use the Google Play Store API for post the reviews in the App Store, but I'm checking the if the app to provide that or not. I'm not familiar with the app app store app, but in the Google, it's like providing the API for that. Okay. So since where users can write their reviews in the App, then it will be directly linked to the Play Store. Correct. Yeah. So I think it's one-time submission, right, per account. Yeah. Okay. And that makes sense because it told me there was a, if you can do it for both, right, if we can't then it would have to look different. Because I think the pop-up would also be different. You know, yeah. Yeah. If you cannot, if there's no API to, you know, connect the reviews to the App Store, then I think it would have to be more of a redirection back to the App Store for them to write their review. Yeah. So sometimes, like, if you see the feedback pop-up, if you installed a new app in your phone, right, and you use the, like, a few times and the pop-up, the feedback, like a review feedback or app feedback. So this is the connected with, that feedback is connected to the app for all the Play Store. So once the users skip that feedback or submit that feedback, so it will be submitted to the Play Store. If the user is skipped that, it will be not shared again to the user. Yeah. Okay. Okay. I think that makes sense. Excuse me. We just want to double-check whether we can do that for both the Play Store and App Store. Else if not, you might want to see how we want to do it for the App Store. Alongside that, probably frequency, right? So in terms of how often does this, how often does this pop-up come up? So say for example, like you said, if the user skips it, when will this pop-up show up again? Right? So this is something that we need to also consider in terms of, you know, if the user skips it, when will the next see it again? Right? And then, yeah. Until this submitted, you know, if it's one submission per account, okay, fine. We have to toggle some sort of, if case where, you know, if they've already submitted, then they'll never show up again. If they skip it, then show it in another week month, invite for a sentence like submit. No, no, no, no, no, no. On this, what happened? I have a discussion with my developer right now. He has told me like we have a reacted package that let us to review and read our, let us to the place to, okay. All right, come again. We have a package on a re-app native, okay? He is letting me do, he's sending me the name as well and I will tell you that, okay, we have a package which let us perform this review functionality for the place to, for the pistol, he sent me like we need, we need to a little bit of research and he will confirm. Okay, so then you can just get back to me on that. Sorry, is there someone I'm missing from the conversation or? No, no, actually, there is always a not-taker, okay, a not-tator and you and me and S, today S&S is not here, so that's why we are, we are both, we are both, okay, so, also, right now you are have made my personal room link, so this meeting will only last for three to 45 minutes, so I need to create another link after every 40 minutes. We get that now. No worries. Yeah, I don't know where it is. Okay, so I think I think that the reviews will just have to, you know, confirm whether they're directly linked or not and then we can see how it can go from there. Okay, so this, right, so the coins, no deal, I think your input would be very, very crucial here in terms of logic, but let me just explain it in a high-level view, right? So we cannot have, you know, one offering globally in the sense where all nine packages cannot be the same globally, right? So say, for example, just take the example from us, right? So we have we have these nine packages, correct? And we have, so the first one which is eight coins for 0.99 SAR, excuse me one moment. So we have this, you know, offering of eight coins, 0.99 SAR. Now, if we take this conversion and say, put it into US dollar, it would be like 30 cents US dollar, right? This or even less probably 20, 25 cents, I think something like that. Anyways, but we cannot have it like that, you know, there has to be some sort of method that is calculated based on countries in terms of how much can this country afford to spend? Right? So, you know, if this eight SAR, right, eight, sorry eight coins is for 99 SAR here in Saudi Arabia, maybe in the US it would be for a dollar. And that in, for example, in Europe it would be for 80 cents euros. Right? So we essentially cannot have it all the same, you know, it has to be based on something, but we, I know that we cannot have it all the same. Um, so the thing is, like you wanted the currency conversion in that, right? So if you are in the Saudi, you can see 0.99 SAR and if you are in the US, then you can see some certain the dollar amount. No, it's not, I mean, this one tiny disc currency conversion, right? It's a matter of purchasing power too. Now, you know, for example, I'm trying to give you a really good example, right? Okay, let's just say this, right? So let's just say that the purchasing power is Saudi Arabia is higher, right? The lowest amount of coins would start from 324 coins, right? Because there's a higher purchasing power. But if you look at, for example, countries in Southeast Asia, there's a lower purchasing power. So the, so the coins would start from eight coins at 99, their currency, right? But here in Saudi, the minimum would be 2019, 1999, because there's a higher purchasing power. So in that sense, it would be different based on countries purchasing power and ability. Does that, does that make more sense? Are you? Yeah, I got your point. So we cannot just have it as one base, you know, uh, you know, just one base coin packages and then just convert it into different currencies. Because then anybody makes sense, right? Some countries would be way too expensive because they don't have that purchasing power. But other countries might be normal. And so we have to find that balance where we can, you know, create this sort of, uh, I don't want to say engine, but this sort of, you know, logic where we're able to provide, you know, certain packages for certain countries that have less purchasing power and certain packages for countries that have more purchasing power and then certain, certain packages for countries that have a normal purchasing power. Do you, do you get the idea of how, you know, how I'm envisioning it? Yeah, like the purchasing power of the other countries, right? All right. Um, sweet, like I'm thinking about the, like it will be defined per, uh, like it will be auto calculated or it will be defined from, from the admin. I think there has to be some way to calculate it, right? Now first thing, excuse me. First thing that comes to mind, right, is GDP. All right, so we calculated, we calculated based on GDP. Uh, the GDP. Yeah. Let me see. I don't know whether that works, right? But there has to be some sort of way to calculate the algorithm based on certain factors. Um, so let me show my screen. Very good. Yeah. Um, this one. Right. GDP, uh, calculator. It could be, I suppose. So the formula is returning the, the personal, come, and the machine does close, come and the machine act, it proves, and so is this. Yes. The one thing is this, which I checked the GDP and the other one is purchasing power. Yeah, I think, I think it's probably the purchasing power, not the GDP. The purchasing power makes more sense. Yes. So if I put the source countries out of your area, uh, the salary and the local currency, nine nine target country, let say, US, so you require a salary of zero, five, one in the US to local currency to lift a smaller quantity as a five, as you would tell us. So that's, it's returning. Yeah. Yeah. This is the thing is we need to figure out how the algorithm would be like. Right. Uh, there probably needs to be some research in terms of how it would be like, in the sense of how it would calculate and, you know, because there's a lot of countries to, to take into factor. Yeah. Is that something of the exchange rate? It could have something to do with it where you have a base currency and then exchange rate it and then multiply it by the purchasing power. Uh, yeah, I cannot, I cannot really say much or I don't necessarily know much, but I know that there is a way to calculate it. Uh, I don't know how it's done necessarily. So it's PPP not GDP right? Sorry. So it's a PPP like the purchasing power, not the GDP. It would be. I don't want to say I'm 100% sure. All right. Because I'm only saying that there, I know that there is a way that it is calculated. Right. Uh, you know, but I cannot tell you that, you know, it's 100%. Maybe the GDP has a role in the sense where higher GDP countries have a higher, um, you know, purchasing power or they have higher prices and then lower GDP countries have lower prices. So that does, that's what I mean is that there's a way of calculating it. I just don't know how to calculate how, what is that way? Right. So that's why, you know, okay. So my idea to. We will get around you on that PPP like the purchasing power stuff. Yeah. So yeah. There has to be a way to sort of, you know, figure out how this algorithm would be like at how it would work. Once we figure out how it would work, right? How is the algorithm created? Then we can say that, okay, this is how we would do it. These are the packages that we would create. So for these certain markets, this is the packages that they would get. And for these certain markets, this is the packages they would get and so on and buys for and so on and so on, right? So that's why the the coin purchasing is not as simple as, you know, you just put on nine packages and then that's it. Now. Okay. Okay. So we think that in you on that, I will, I'll read you on that part. Okay. So if you find a case. Uh, but you know, I have one thing here, you know, uh, we have find out the purchasing power and we have find out everything related to it. Okay, the we got the conversion, but still one push and arises here. Yes. How those things are going to split the amount of coin and their range in the project like suppose, for example, you have said for so they are heavier, they have the good purchasing power. So range will be start from three to 24 coin in the in 9999 SAR. Okay. I am sitting in Brazil and I have a low purchasing power. Okay. But the range is, but how range will be defined that this is the main thing. I'm not getting the amount of purchasing power. We can do it like we can show them the amount according to the country. But range of the coins will be different as well like once all their heavier the highest point, highest purchasing power will be sure are to 324 or 649, 3249, 1 0 double 3 points. Like this or it will be something different. Like on 19.99 SAR, they will be purchasing 64 points. You got my hand, what am I trying to say? Yeah, I get you. I get you. Thank you. I get you. I'm just wondering. Okay. Let's take this example. Where each country would have nine packages. Now what would differ is essentially the amount of coins. As well as the price of the coins. So say for example, Southeast Asian countries, they would have a lower lower amount of coins at a cheaper price. For say for example, they would have the eight coins and 64 coins option. Right here in the Middle East, it would probably start from 324 and then 649, 3249 and so on and so on. And then there would be two additional different packages to substitute. Right now, say the countries in Southeast Asia, they would get eight coins, 64 coins, 324 coins, 649. So they would get all these. Right. But then the Middle East say we would remove these two and then bring these back and then add two additional packages. Okay. So there's nine packages here. But ultimately there would be many more packages. But they won't be shown to the user. They'll be shown to different regions. Again, depending on the algorithm, depending on the purchasing power and depending on the coins themselves and the pricing of the coins. So I first figure out how we can do this, how we can implement this. Right. Once we figure out how we can implement it, right, logically and in a way where it works globally, then we can say that, okay, so these are the coins that we will set for these countries. Or, no, sorry, these are the coins that we will set for these countries with this purchasing power and these are the countries that will set for these countries with this purchasing power and so on and so forth. Ah, Mahmat. Can you please share my screen? I think I found it and it will be covered to things. Yes. So, so, so, okay, so we already discussed in the previous settings that we will, we will have the in-app purchases right in the app, right? All right. Okay. So, if we use the in-app purchases, so the factor about the products, so we can list down the products in the, either the ads for or players for, right? And also pricing schedule. Right. If I add pricing, let's say, I choose the base country region, let's say I choose the, the base country will be the default, I say, right or not. How about the US? US, okay, let's, I will keep that US. And there's a pricing section. Let's say, I just want to, so if I want to, additional or some customized, so I can go to let's, let's say, I put the 1.99, right? So, in the version of the choose your base country region, Apple, auto, I just pressing for every time and the region, except the base. So, it will, it will like auto calculate the things. So, if I go to the next tab, it will show all the currencies, all the countries with the currencies. The base, let's say for one son, it will also set 1.99. And if we go down to the Australia, it's your 2.99. Right. And if you go further down, is Brazil, I, nine, I mean, it's automatically like calculating the, the tickling, the exchange rates. But this is the US dollars, no? I mean, it's just calculating the exchange rates. It's not calculating the purchasing power. Am I correct on the store? Am I, because it says. Yes, my. So, sorry, okay. Scroll up on moment. Sorry, if you go to Saudi Arabia, okay, slowly. No, if you can, yeah, if you can go down, down, down, down, down. Saudi Arabia, okay, there we go. So, 9.99. It's Saur. Now, $2 is roughly about 6.75. No, we have both on exchange rates. Yes, so how are they getting this? They have quite a determining this price, right? What factors are there, including? Now, if we can go to the Malaysian ring it, so if we can find the Malaysian ring it, Malaysian ring it, $2 is roughly about $2468.5 Malaysian ring it, give or take, $8.28.3 Malaysian ring it. So, 9.9. Now, if we look at, you know, if this is the cheapest package, right, in terms of Malaysian ring it, this is already considered expensive in terms of Malaysian currency. For them, for that country, because of again, purchasing power. So, while this does make sense, and while this, maybe it's adding different factors such as VAT tax, I'm not sure, right? But does this take into consideration purchasing power? Let me see if it's for the description. So, to say, I think there's a description that you've screened. What do you think, Mohammed? I mean, yeah, again, this is just calculated for exchange rates and then the tax, and then that's how it determines the price, right? But again, like I said, it doesn't, I mean, at least for what I say, it doesn't take into consideration the purchasing power. So, of how that country can buy. This is the idea that was there in the beginning of, you know, you just put a certain package, add a certain price, and then it will just automatically convert to all different other currencies. But then you don't take into consideration the fact that some countries might see this as being too expensive. So, they don't have the ability, right, to actually purchase this, if this is the cheapest offering for them. This is why there has to be a different offerings for different regions. Okay. Two more or India on the other side. So, that's a bit, there has to be an algorithm to it, in terms of how it's done. Yeah, the main thing is splitting, you know, the main thing is split. Like we need to, like, just making this consideration, like which coins, amount of coins, will be shown to this, which country and region. Okay, this is the main splitting between the countries. Like, I think that can be determined based off the purchasing power, right? So, if we understand what their purchasing power is, then we can easily determine, you know, what offerings we should give to them, what their offerings. Yeah, this is why I'm saying that algorithm has to be sort of dynamic in that sense, should be able to change as, you know, global state changes too. All right. Sorry. It will require some time, because this is a measurement, it says, well, plus it includes the dynamic research as well. It makes, we need to make something dynamic, which changes, according to my daily market rates for the weekend. Absolutely. Daily market rates. I feel like that would be a bit too much in terms of fluctuation. All right. You cannot be changing the prices on users daily, right? But if there are drastic changes, sure, but essentially, I mean, like, there's not going to be a big drastic change every single day in that sense, right? But more of, you know, okay, if the purchasing power changes drastically, if the country goes into bankruptcy, then okay, fine, things change, but yeah, generally speaking on a daily basis, there won't be so much fluctuation, right? I mean, at least at least it's purchasing power. They don't fluctuate that fast. All right. Let's see. Let me check on this. I will come from you on this. No worries. Yeah. So this is a very crucial aspect that we need to look into. Yeah. I think, I think this covers most of the screens, right? Yeah. This covers of the mass of the right. And we have a few floors. There's a winning blow. After this, we have been maintaining the means to compare the current document that we have for the use cases. Okay. We will just have a quick view on the start items. And then we will recognize like what's low we may have missed on the demand. All right. So, guys, there, sorry. Is anyone saying something? Now, I was just saying, yeah, I was just going to bring you there. Yes, I was saying like that. So, currently, we have covered the UFIGMI UI so far. I'm telling you, somebody from May and there are two things I need to research about this, around this part, the purchasing power, around for the coins and the search algorithm. They don't need to compare with you, right? Correct. You have these two items are pending from May and from your end, there are few things as well. I did you receive, by the way, did you receive the meeting of minutes on your email yesterday? Yes, yes, I already received that. All right. So, two things are on my side and the rest of the thing that I mentioned, on my B mentioned on the meeting of minutes from your end. All right. Yeah. Okay. Yes. And for these two things, I will confirm you after discussing with Asim and Atil after tomorrow because we are discussing everything as a team as a group. So, if I discuss something with Adil, I need to discuss with Asim. So, it would be good both that, I mean, that in the office, we can discuss things widely. The more people you have, the more good suggestions you get. Of course. Okay. No. One thing that I want to discuss is responsiveness for the UI. So, for the ability for it to be used via, you know, phone, tablet, iPads. Yes. The responsiveness. So, on this part, you know, the layout is, I mean, we are designing a setting up the initial layout for the mobile app. We started according to the tablet mode, tablet screen, tablet screen, mobile screen, that's it. Okay. Let me share my screen. All right. I just want to again, this is going to be just a very, very general idea in terms of how it's going to be like, right? All right. Okay. So, we can assume that every minute, can you give me two minutes? And I am sharing the new link because it is going to end in two to two to three minutes. So, our discussion will be disturbed. Okay. Okay. So, I am ending this meeting for now and I am sending a new link. Okay. All right.