 Okay, so let's start with things. So, do you have anything to share first down the convenient? I don't, yesterday, for some reason, my system would not be do something and then I rebooted then it did so I erased that issue. I have a good bit to go over. So, why don't you do yours first, Adil? I'll go last. So, first for us, we are working on the designs, the modules and the backend of the module of service providers. And also we. You're muted, Adil. So, about the very guest, we just as we discussed that it should be shown at half of the card, right? Remember? Yeah, the price on the top, right? Yeah. Okay. So, we should try some of the top. Yeah, perfect. Yep. That's all I have right now. Okay. All right. I'm going to share my screen here. All right. So, there's nothing, no issues, but well, no, no critical issues or anything, but. So, just from like research here, and I think this is more of a sort of like a brainstorming, unless we want to get going on some of this stuff. But I think there's a few things wrong that I've been known or not wrong, but a few things that customers are having issues with. The home page is much more successful at getting them to the export menu page. And I think, you know, one of the things is because there's two search bars here. And there's also these, these here, these buttons, which is great. But I think that when people land on any of these pages, I think they, they think that this. And to your city or zip code brings them to one of these pages, because they rarely, I don't know why put their zip code in here. They'll go from here to like how it works, or even if they are on the home page here, you know, they may see that, but then go down and click a location. So I don't think they understand that it's sort of like, you know, an Airbnb experience, right. And then, you know, we'll see them again, like sometimes they'll click this, this button's good, but they'll go down and see the locations or whatever. And most of the time, I would say, with most of these visits, I see on clarity, they leave. So just getting them to the Explorer menus pages is difficult. And again, I think it's because they just think that this takes them to here. Right. So for that, I think we should change the search bar here to search chefs and menus. Right. That placeholder text. So, on every page, so every page that has a search bar, but besides Explorer menus, but every page that has a search bar, change it to search chefs and menus, and then put it in the middle here, leave this enter your zip code. Right. So the placeholder text search chefs and menus center center. Yeah. And hopefully that helps a little bit. I was thinking about, I don't think it's probably not SEO friendly, but I was thinking about putting these in some sort of like drop down menu or something. I don't, I think that's like, that's like last resort. These are so popular and they shouldn't be, you know, I don't necessarily want to hide them, but we just have to get people more people to the Explorer menus page. But anyway, that's one issue. Like what about putting down by the location area? What if we had some sort of note, don't see your city and then have a search bar there? Like a, like a popular. Yeah, if those are popular, I mean, look, we're in the whole lot more cities and that this is just what we have listed. Yeah, we could do that too. I'll make a mock up of that. Yeah. Yeah. So, you know, I don't want to, I really want to get done this, this additional services thing. But these are like just items that I think. I don't know, maybe some of them do take precedent over the additional services. And some of these, a lot of these are easy though. I mean, just changing the text right. And then and seeing what happens. But let me go further here. So that's one of the issues that I see is. Virtual. The second one is, I think it's more on mobile. We're still seeing a lot of people miss this button for some reason, even with this, this, you know, sliver of second menu shown. I don't know why I don't know how it's so hard to understand and miss this. And I think a lot of them, they don't see that. And they think that they could access all of the other menus through here. And I know some people probably do click this just to see the profile. But I think they're thinking that if they click this, they could see five more menus. And you know, we'll see them sometimes go into complete profile. And that's where they do see the rest of the menus. So. I don't see this too often, but I don't want to trap them in going to all of the complete profiles. Just because they think that's where all the menus are. But a lot of visits, I see they just roll through, you know, the one menu of all of the chefs. And they don't necessarily go see the rest. So two things that I would suggest or we could talk about is actually three things. So putting these putting these dots here that signify there's more to go along with these might help. So, they're dark, some of the signs. Right. Having some sort of like. I guess like a simple genie issue like, like, you know, click the swipe more. I just the only thing I don't like about this is it's just so busy. I mean, there's just so much going on here. And I know, you know, if we just keep it to one menu, you know, and you scroll down, this won't be here, but it's still, it's still a lot. You have, I mean, it's just so much. And then the other thing that we could do is have an animation of this pulling back, you know, and like bouncing back, you know, maybe just like up to here, right? When they scroll down. Once they use a land on the exclamation page, right? Right. Yeah. So they land here. The thing is they would have to. You know, they would have to see it. Like if they're here, they might be looking up here and miss it. Now, how did you plan on list him and any of these things? Right, whatever. Then just wanted to call back up any length of it, and you know, like they would have occupy them. Gotta seeing the parent and the advisor and the point of being. And so I cant remember what the other person says in which item, your name is mentioned. This is what I think is what R Is like. We're about to say front-end detail. I think a bit of the holiday report is what we're either leaning forward or down. If that kind of phrases really, we kind of went empty out with questions, what we call this. The tour guide, like the tour, etc. Right. So once they use a line on the explore menu, we will show the arrow on the first chef's menus. Right. Right. It will show the arrow like a blank animation until user click on the like we cross or click on the arrow. Okay. Right. So it will always be on the on the reload on the load of the explore menu. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. We could try that. I think that might work. And yeah. I mean, I just, you know, the more the more, you know, text and direction that you have to put on your website, it just takes away from it. So, you know, I was thinking about these and it seems like it works on desktop, you know, because we have this extra space out here. I don't know that I would really add this up here, but this here looks like it might work. But yeah, so maybe that'll solve it. I think maybe we should try that. Not not this the animation where it kind of bounces back, you know. Yeah. Okay. So yeah, let's do that. Let's try that. I know why this went out. So we have the search bar with the new text. I'll send these lines over. We're going to get we're not going to do this, but we'll have the animation that bounces. What are we thinking? Yes on these or no? Maybe the that's enough. I'd rather let's try the first animation first and then and then we'll see how it goes. And then if not, we could add these and then see how that goes. The worst case scenario. Yeah, the arrow animation where it bounces back, right? Okay. Okay. And then the the last thing that I think would help them getting to the explore menus page. This is I think the home page. And kind of understanding like what our service is is having a bottom menu here. So removing this up here, this hamburger icon, putting it down here in a like toolbar or whatever, moving this up. So create more space here. Just because of this. And then have all of these here, right? So all those all the other navigation would be in this menu here like the, you know, how it works and all that other crap. But these are from the dashboard. So I think this kind of wouldn't make someone understand that there is a dashboard, which is another thing that we've been trying to make. And let's understand that once you do book or, you know, there's a lot more to this site than just what you see on the front end until you actually sign up. So this would be I think helpful, especially on mobile. There's no real desktop version of this, but. And then I think this is familiar now to a lot of people. And I think this is something that I'm not going to be able to do. I'm not going to be able to do this because you see it on everything. Door dash and Uber and Airbnb. But are we are we able to do that with the website that those, those are more like app sort of like. Look Airbnb has it here. This is their website. So I think that that will help tremendously in making people understand. And I think the way that it would work is. If you click any of these without logging in or signing up. They would act as a sign up or log in pop up. Right there. They're a little bit different where they have a I think most of yeah they bring it to like new pages with everything. And they're there explorers actually their explore menus. I don't know which I don't think that we should just bring them right there. I think that might be a little too aggressive. But when you do log out. It reverts to like if just an explorer a wish list and a log in. But I think that. You know people kind of understand what Airbnb is and there's a trust factor. They don't really know about us. So I think having all of them there. From the beginning. They'll know what that dashboard does or have an idea that there's something more after they book. What do you guys think? And mobile is like I would probably say 70% of all of our visits. So I think mobile is definitely a concern. They can't get to the explorer menus and book. And then. The one thing. The mobile version. The. The. The. The. The. The. The. The. The. The. The. The. The. The. The. The. Yeah, maybe maybe it's just in the. The header. It's not sticky, I guess. You know, if you're on the homepage here. Maybe just dragging that down makes this whole thing go away. But just keep it in the corner. I guess it. You know, as soon as you get onto the page. And yeah, because it's here, I think that's fine. And then again, this. Any any of these. The. The. The. The. The. The. The. The. The. The. The. The. The. The. The. Profile in the menu. You know. I don't know.